ANANDAMELA

Ananda Mela is traditionally celebrated on the fifth (Panchami) or sixth (Shashti) day of Durga Puja, where a host of local women offer home-cooked food on the evening before the puja begins "Anandomela" the food festival is above all traditional pop-ups aimed at bringing the best of home chefs with delicious and mouth-watering delicacies

KUMARI PUJA

Kumari Puja is a significant ritual during Navratri and Durga Puja. Kumari Puja is also known as Kanya Puja and Kumarika Puja. Many people prefer to perform Kumari Puja on a single day either on Ashtami Puja day or Navami Puja day. Drik Panchang lists Kumari Puja on Ashtami Tithi

PUSHPANJALI

Pushpanjali is an offering of flowers to Hindu Gods and Goddesses. The Pushpanjali is offered on all days during Durga Puja. However, the day of Durga Ashtami is considered the most auspicious and significant to offer Anjali to Goddess Durga

DHAAK BAJNA

'Dhak Bajna', the performance of playing drums to the rhythmic beat of the 'Dhunuchi Nach' before the Goddess, is an integral part of the festivities. Dhakis, the drums players, are professionals, who have been in this business for several generations

DHUNUCHI NACH

Nach” or “Nritya” is a term that is used to denote “Dance”. “Dhunuchi” is nothing but the traditional hand lamp that is made of earthenware which is breakable.The dancers have to follow here rhythmic steps along with the “Dhak’. The dhunuchi dancers hold the pots in their palms and move rhythmically with the drumbeats.

FOLK DANCE

Orchestra which will play old and new Bengali songs on Tuesday September 26. Nritya Bhumi, a Kolkata-based troupe, will perform on September 27. The festival will witness an audio-visual performance of Subhir Das maestro series, Bengali drama and folk art through dances like Chhau, a genre of Indian tribal martial dance, Jhummur, a traditional dance form, and Lathi Kala, a martial dance form using lathi

SINDOOR KHELA

On Vijayadashami, the last day of Durga Puja, married women celebrate their status of being married by playing with sindoor or vermillion. The red powder is used to celebrate Maa Durga's married status before she leaves for her husband's home. While applying sindur on Goddess Durga's feet and forehead they also pray to the her for their happy and long married lives

VISARJAN

It’s the grandest of the grand celebrations. If Western India has Ganesh Visarjan Eastern India has Durga Visarjan. Style yourself in the quintesentially dashami wear, the lal pad saree.A unique ritual on the day is the Vijaya ceremony. People embrace each other and forgive and forget past offences and promise a new beginning and the juniors touch the feet of the seniors seeking for blessing.