association name : bengaluru durga puja association 

This is our 78th Durga Puja which will be celebrated from 25 to 30 September, 2017, at the Bengaluru city convention centre, bannerghatta, outer ring road hosur, Bangalore.
Our Puja is much beyond a religious activity and has transformed into a major social event where thousands of people meet each other, spend many hours offering pushpanjali to the goddess, enjoying cultural program, shopping from business promotion stalls and relishing wide variety of food from food stalls.

business promotion stalls and food stalls 
event sponsors with company logo 
contact and address 
gallery 
passes for events (link it)
create a logo for bengaluru durga puja charitable and cultural samithi 

dhak baaje- reverberate to the beats of traditional 'Dhak' drums. 'Dhak Bajna', the performance of playing drums to the rhythmic beat of the 'Dhunuchi Nach' before the Goddess, is an integral part of the festivities. Dhakis, the drums players, are professionals, who have been in this business for several generations.
dhunuchi naach 
pushpanjali- Pushpanjali (???????????) is an offering of flowers to Hindu Gods and Goddesses. The Pushpanjali is offered on all days during Durga Puja. However, the day of Durga Ashtami is considered the most auspicious and significant to offer Anjali to Goddess Durga.
anadamela -   Ananda Mela is traditionally celebrated on the fifth (Panchami) or sixth (Shashti) day of Durga Puja, where a host of local women offer home-cooked food on the evening before the puja begins
boron 
sindoor khela - While applying sindur on Goddess Durga's feet and forehead they also pray to the her for their happy and long married lives.
visarjan
maha ashtami puja (sandhi pooja) 
kumari puja
orchestra concerts
food stalls 


The festive season is in the air. It marks the start of Akalbodhan. Durga is perhaps the most widely worshiped deity of Shakti Durga which means one who is difficult to approach. However since she is the mother of universe she is the personification of tender love, wealth, power, beauty and all virtues. Durga Puja is the most important festival of Bengal. Durga Puja means more to us than just a religious festival. It is a celebration of life, culture, popular customs and traditions. it is a time for coming together, of reunion and rejuvenation. traditional rituals at that time are maintained that enhances our spiritual mind.


feedback :
This event has its roots in traditional Durga Puja celebrations. If you have celebrated Durga Puja and have been part of Durgotsav, then participate and share your experience here. 


anandamela - Ananda Mela is traditionally celebrated on the fifth (Panchami) or sixth (Shashti) day of Durga Puja, where a host of local women offer home-cooked food on the evening before the puja begins "Anandomela" the food festival is above all traditional pop-ups aimed at bringing the best of home chefs with delicious and mouth-watering delicacies



dhaak bajna - 'Dhak Bajna', the performance of playing drums to the rhythmic beat of the 'Dhunuchi Nach' before the Goddess, is an integral part of the festivities. Dhakis, the drums players, are professionals, who have been in this business for several generations



pushpanjali - Pushpanjali (???????????) is an offering of flowers to Hindu Gods and Goddesses. The Pushpanjali is offered on all days during Durga Puja. However, the day of Durga Ashtami is considered the most auspicious and significant to offer Anjali to Goddess Durga




sindhoor khela - On Vijayadashami, the last day of Durga Puja, married women celebrate their status of being married by playing with sindoor or vermillion. The red powder is used to celebrate Maa Durga's married status before she leaves for her husband's home. While applying sindur on Goddess Durga's feet and forehead they also pray to the her for their happy and long married lives

under conatct list :
contact form 
subscription form 
address email phone no's 
opening hours 

invitation: 
On Durga Puja Maa protects you from all evils and blesses you with Peace, Prosperity and Happiness. We Invite you all in this auspicious moment of holy festival. Come and celebrate with us and take maa's blessings together
Happy Durgotsav 
Please join us to make the occasion more special.

address - This is our 78th Durga Puja which will be celebrated from 25 to 30 September, 2017, at the Bengaluru city convention centre, bannerghatta, outer ring road hosur, Bangalore






